Hey mom
Whose marriage is so grand?
They use a car.
Don't you know?
The one who got married is a million-dollar household in our village
Zhou Yuesheng
The one who married him was the daughter of the city
It's called missing.
You mean the person who got married is called Miss Nian?
Didn't you say that Nian Nian wants to seduce Fuyang?
How did he get married?
I don't know.
Maybe this is missing
He wanted the thrill of raising good people.
Must take him away
This missing?
More and more
He left, I wanted to ask him
He has already
Took up Sisi's 18 years of Baogui's life
And destroy his feelings
What do you want to do?
This is the Zhou family's house.
More stylish than our driver's
What's the style?
No matter how grand it is, it is a stinky pig killer
In this life, he can only come with the next generation
Hey
Director Li, Boss Wang, these leaders
Why did they come to the backcountry?
Is that right?
Ouch, our imprint is so good.
Hahaha come come come
Director Li, Boss Wang, oops
Commander, why are you here?
Hahaha with Sisi
Come to his adoptive parents' house to have a look.
Sisi, say hello to uncle
Hello uncles
Oops, some leaders
You come to this happy village
The auspicious time has come
Be quick, please!
If you wait any longer, you won't see the bride and groom worship hall
Hey.